hello I'm camellia welcome back to my
teaching here at culinary wishes that
come today we are going to make homemade
sausages with mutton and beef
for this recipe we are going to use 1
kilo of minced beef and 1 kilo of minced
mutton 7 cloves of garlic some chilli
flakes 1 spoon of her dried thyme 8
grams of white pepper 25 grams of sweet
paprika 30 grams of salt 1 teaspoon of
allspice some mutton casings and the 2
pieces of pork bones from which I am
going to make some stock and obviously a
meat grinder
first of all we are going to boil the
pork bones to make some stock
while the stock boils I'm going to start
to making the meat for the sausage is
I'm going to put two the two types of
making this a big bowl here and start
adding spices
after I've mixed a little damage with
the spice is I'm going to add the stock
made earlier I have here 250 milliliters
of stock that I've strained and I'm
going to add it over the meat and mix it
I finished mixing the meat for our
sausages I tasted it to be sure it has
all the spices it needs and I suggest
you do the tape now we are going to
start stealing our sausages but first
here comes the funny part I'm going to
blow air to the casings to make sure
they don't have any holes and that they
roll is the lip on the pipe here and I'm
going to start the pudding mint in the
mid winder
- is making a small sausage I'm going to
tie with the thread this ends here and
these parts here because I want to make
little sausages
our homemade sauce in this recipe is
done we hope you like it and if you did
please follow us on Facebook and
subscribe to our YouTube channel
culinary wishes that come in the air
meal
bye bye today we are going to make
homemade sausages with beef and mutton
meat but I put it in disappear cup here
we've had all the fights I did me and I
suggest you do the same and